PR for SRVLOGIC-300, SRVLOGIC-190, SRVLOGIC-188, SRVLOGIC-192: Document "Serverless Logic" parent directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#76490)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-tracing-http-requests-openAPI.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-tracing-http-requests-openAPI_{context}"]
= Tracing HTTP requests and responses

> To trace HTTP requests and responses, OpenShift Serverless Logic uses the Apache HTTP Client. You can enable tracing by setting the following property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trace HTTP requests and responses, OpenShift Serverless Logic uses the Apache HTTP Client. 
```

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: This is also the first step in the procedure on line 26. I recommend removing this code block entirely.

----
# Turning HTTP tracing on
quarkus.log.category."org.apache.http".level=DEBUG
----

.Prerequisites

* You have created a {ServerlessLogicProductName} project or have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in OpenShift Container Platform.
* You have created your {ServerlessLogicProductName} project.
* You have access to the OpenAPI specification files.
* You have access to the workflow definition and instance IDs for correlating HTTP requests and responses.
* You have access to the log configuration of the application where the HTTP service invocations are occurring

.Procedure

> . Add the following configuration to your application's application.properties file to turn on debugging for the Apache HTTP Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following configuration to your application's `application.properties` file to turn on debugging for the Apache HTTP Client:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
quarkus.log.category."org.apache.http".level=DEBUG
----

. Restart your application to propagate the log configuration changes.

> . After restarting, check your logs for HTTP request traces. Here is an example of a traced HTTP request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After restarting, check the logs for HTTP request traces. 
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example logs of a traced HTTP request
```

[source,terminal]
----
2023-09-25 19:00:55,242 DEBUG Executing request POST /v2/models/yolo-model/infer HTTP/1.1
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> POST /v2/models/yolo-model/infer HTTP/1.1 
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> Accept: application/json
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> Content-Type: application/json
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> kogitoprocid: inferencepipeline 
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> kogitoprocinstanceid: 85114b2d-9f64-496a-bf1d-d3a0760cde8e 
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> kogitoprocist: Active
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> kogitoproctype: SW
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> kogitoprocversion: 1.0
2023-09-25 19:00:55,243 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> Content-Length: 23177723
2023-09-25 19:00:55,244 DEBUG http-outgoing-0 >> Host: yolo-model-opendatahub-model.apps.trustyai.dzzt.p1.openshiftapps.com
----

> . Check the logs for HTTP response traces following the request logs. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the logs for HTTP response traces following the request logs.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example logs of a traced HTTP response
```
